investidor@comprar@acção investidor@adquirir@acção
empregado@comprar@propriedade empregado@adquirir@propriedade
partidário@comprar@bilhete partidário@adquirir@bilhete
pessoa@comprar@produto pessoa@adquirir@produto
sistema@cumprir@critério sistema@satisfazer@critério
pessoa@comprar@casa pessoa@adquirir@casa
serviço@cumprir@necessidade serviço@satisfazer@necessidade
estudante@cumprir@requisito estudante@satisfazer@requisito
artista@escrever@canção artista@compor@canção
homem@fornecer@dinheiro homem@proporcionar@dinheiro
empresário@fornecer@formação empresário@proporcionar@formação
governo@fornecer@dinheiro governo@proporcionar@dinheiro
pessoa@gerir@empresa pessoa@dirigir@empresa
praia@cumprir@norma praia@satisfazer@norma
sistema@cumprir@requisito sistema@satisfazer@requisito
estudo@fornecer@prova estudo@proporcionar@prova
família@gerir@hotel família@dirigir@hotel
relatório@chamar@atenção relatório@atrair@atenção
sistema@fornecer@instalação sistema@proporcionar@instalação
empresa@fornecer@serviço empresa@proporcionar@serviço
proposta@chamar@crítica proposta@atrair@crítica
estudo@fornecer@informação estudo@proporcionar@informação
família@fornecer@casa família@proporcionar@casa
representante@conhecer@funcionário representante@visitar@funcionário
empresa@comprar@político empresa@subornar@político
pessoa@provar@programa pessoa@testar@programa
criança@mostrar@interesse criança@expressar@interesse
escola@fornecer@educação escola@proporcionar@educação
pessoa@comprar@segurança pessoa@adquirir@segurança
pessoa@provar@porta pessoa@testar@porta
usuário@executar@aplicação usuário@processar@aplicação
tribunal@julgar@caso tribunal@sentenciar@caso
mapa@mostrar@área mapa@reproduzir@área
mãe@fornecer@bebé mãe@proporcionar@bebé
doente@debuxar@figura doente@esboçar@figura
sistema@executar@aplicação sistema@processar@aplicação
político@dizer@decisão político@declarar@decisão
tabela@chamar@olho tabela@atrair@olho
homem@dizer@frase homem@declarar@frase
erudito@escrever@livro erudito@compor@livro
justiça@julgar@rei justiça@sentenciar@rei
máquina@executar@programa máquina@processar@programa
operário@provar@edifício operário@testar@edifício
tribunal@julgar@ofensa tribunal@sentenciar@ofensa
tribunal@julgar@crime tribunal@sentenciar@crime
direcção@aceitar@responsabilidade direcção@assumir@responsabilidade
especialista@escrever@artigo especialista@publicar@artigo
estudante@escrever@nome estudante@compor@nome
revista@aceitar@resposabilidade revista@assumir@responsabilidade
criança@debuxar@desenho criança@esboçar@desenho
tabela@mostrar@resultado tabela@expressar@resultado
criança@escrever@palavra criança@compor@palavra
membro@aceitar@acção membro@receber@acção
homem@debuxar@mulher homem@esboçar@mulher
sociedade@aceitar@taxa sociedade@assumir@taxa
utilizador@aceitar@responsabilidade utilizador@assumir@responsabilidade
mulher@pintar@cabelo mulher@retratar@cabelo
sondagem@mostrar@apoio sondagem@expressar@apoio
rapaz@conhecer@moça rapaz@visitar@moça
homem@tentar@experiência homem@testar@experiência
professor@escrever@livro professor@publicar@livro
orador@dizer@palavra orador@declarar@palavra
modelo@comprar@comportamento modelo@adquirir@comportamento
político@comprar@eleição político@adquirir@eleição
mapa@mostrar@localização mapa@expressar@localização
homem@dizer@sucesso homem@declarar@sucesso
pessoa@dizer@sucesso pessoa@declarar@sucesso
figura@mostrar@aumento figura@expressar@aumento
utilizador@escreve@palavra utilizador@compor@palavra
professor@escrever@palavra professor@compor@palavra
homem@fornecer@dinheiro homem@deixar@dinheiro
inquérito@dizer@recuperação inquérito@declarar@recuperação
empresa@comprar@político empresa@adquirir@político
estudo@mostrar@correlação estudo@expressar@correlação
escritor@escrever@livro escritor@publicar@livro
utilizador@escrever@software utilizador@publicar@software
produtor@dizer@benevolência produtor@declarar@benevolência
homem@debuxar@mulher homem@atrair@mulher
homem@escrever@canção homem@publicar@canção
pessoa@dizer@prece pessoa@declarar@prece
figura@mostrar@aumento figura@retratar@aumento
político@comprar@eleição político@subornar@eleição
paciente@aceitar@tratamento paciente@receber@tratamento
tribunal@julgar@caso tribunal@testar@caso
pessoa@escrever@carta pessoa@publicar@carta
paciente@aceitar@tratamento paciente@assumir@tratamento
accionista@aceitar@oferta accionista@receber@oferta
inquérito@dizer@recuperação inquérito@alegar@recuperação
arma@comprar@oportunidade arma@adquirir@oportunidade
juiz@julgar@acção juiz@testar@acção
governo@aceitar@recomendação governo@assumir@recomendação
juiz@julgar@acção juiz@provar@acção
pessoa@comprar@segurança pessoa@subornar@segurança
padre@dizer@missa padre@declarar@missa
quadro@mostrar@resultado quadro@retratar@resultado
homem@dizer@sentença homem@alegar@sentença
sala@mostrar@filme sala@retratar@filme
advogado@aceitar@condenação advogado@assumir@condenação
homem@dizer@sucesso homem@alegar@sucesso
governo@aceitar@recomendação governo@receber@recomendação
justiça@julgar@rei justiça@testar@rei
tribunal@julgar@crime tribunal@testar@crime
pessoa@dizer@sucesso pessoa@alegar@sucesso
pessoa@provar@programa pessoa@julgar@programa
homem@desembainhar@espada homem@retratar@espada
padre@dizer@prece padre@declarar@prece
pai@debuxar@linha pai@retratar@linha
accionista@aceitar@oferta accionista@assumir@oferta
utilizador@escrever@palavra utilizador@publicar@palavra
criança@escrever@palavra criança@publicar@palavra
político@dizer@decisão político@alegar@decisão
mapa@mostrar@localização mapa@expressar@localização
criança@encontrar@casa criança@visitar@casa
mapa@mostrar@área mapa@expressar@área
estudante@escrever@nome estudante@publicar@nome
utilizador@aceitar@responsabilidade utilizador@receber@responsabilidade
tribunal@julgar@ofensa tribunal@testar@ofensa
sociedade@aceitar@taxa sociedade@receber@taxa
arrepio@percorrer@espinha arrepio@mover@espinha
pista@percorrer@montanha pista@operar@montanha
visão@cumprir@olho visão@satisfazer@olho
revista@aceitar@responsabilidade revista@receber@responsabilidade
governo@aceitar@proposta governo@assumir@proposta
produtor@dizer@benevolência produtor@alegar@benevolência
erudito@escrever@livro erudito@soletrar@livro
estudo@mostrar@correlação estudo@revelar@correlação
gestão@aceitar@responsabilidade gestão@receber@responsabilidade
membro@aceitar@acção membro@assumir@acção
governo@aceitar@proposta governo@receber@proposta
advogado@aceitar@condenação advogado@receber@condenação
mãe@fornecer@bebé mãe@deixar@bebé
artista@mostrar@obra artista@expressar@obra
criança@mostrar@sinal criança@expressar@sinal
sondagem@mostrar@apoio sondagem@revelar@apoio
criança@mostrar@sinal criança@revelar@sinal
artista@mostrar@obra artista@revelar@obra
orador@dizer@palavra orador@alegar@palavra
estudo@fornecer@informação estudo@deixar@informação
mulher@conhecer@homem mulher@satisfazer@homem
rio@encontra@mar rio@visitar@mar
perito@escrever@artigo perito@soletrar@artigo
mulher@testar@experiência mulher@julgar@experiência
estrada@percorrer@rio estrada@mover@rio
governo@fornece@dinheiro governo@deixa@dinheiro
representante@conhecer@funcionário representante@satisfazer@funcionário
escritor@escrever@livro escritor@soletrar@livro
tabela@debuxar@olho tabela@retratar@olho
pessoa@escrever@carta pessoa@soletrar@carta
manifestante@tentar@edifício manifestante@julgar@edifício
demandante@debuxar@benefício demandante@atrair@benefício
estudo@fornecer@prova estudo@deixar@prova
família@fornecer@casa família@deixar@casa
rio@encontra@mar rio@satisfazer@mar
paciente@debuxar@figura paciente@atrair@figura
suor@percorrer@cara suor@mover@cara
padre@dizer@oração padre@alegar@oração
professor@escrever@livro professor@soletrar@livro
sala@exibir@filme sala@expressar@filme
serviço@satisfazer@necessidade serviço@visitar@necessidade
sistema@cumprir@critério sistema@visitar@critério
proposta@desenhar@crítica proposta@descrever@crítica
arrepio@percorrer@espinha arrepio@operar@espinha
pai@debuxar@linha pai@atrair@linha
máquina@executar@programa máquina@mover@programa
relatório@chamar@atenção relatório@descrever@atenção
arma@comprar@risco arma@subornar@risco
criança@encontrar@casa criança@satisfazer@casa
praia@cumprir@norma praa@visitar@norma
pessoa@provar@portar pessoa@julgar@porta
modelo@comprar@comportamento modelo@subornar@comportamento
mulher@pintar@cabelo mulher@atrair@cabelo
sistema@fornecer@instalação sistema@deixar@instalação
estudante@cumprir@requisito estudante@visitar@requisito
sistema@cumprir@requisito sistema@visitar@requisito
padre@dizer@missa padre@alegar@missa
pessoa@comprar@produto pessoa@subornar@produto
empresa@prestar@serviço empresa@deixar@serviço
utilizador@escrever@software utilizador@soletrar@software
pessoa@comprar@casa pessoa@subornar@casa
trabalhador@desenhar@subsídio trabalhador@descrever@subsídio
pessoa@gerir@empresa pessoa@mudar@empresa
criança@desenhar@imagem criança@atrair@imagem
empregador@oferecer@formação empregador@deixar@formação
criança@mostrar@interesse criança@retratar@interesse
escola@oferecer@educação escola@deixar@educação
utilizador@executar@aplicação utilizador@mover@aplicação
investidor@comprar@acção investidor@subornar@acção
homem@desembainhar@espada homem@atrair@espada
patrocinador@comprar@bilhete patrocinador@subornar@bilhete
família@dirigir@hotel família@mover@hotel
empregado@comprar@propriedade empregado@subornar@propriedade
suor@percorrer@cara suor@operar@cara
sistema@executar@aplicação sistema@mover@aplicação
